[Music]
hello
today i'm going to be sharing my morning
routine this is something that has
completely
transformed my life and helps me have
much more productive days
so my alarm goes off around six i crawl
out of bed and i always use a three two
one rule
this just helps me get straight up
rather than smoothing any alarms
and then i just go and open my curtains
and i find this just helps
wake me up a little bit more and make my
bed
it's really nice just doing a small
little task and you just feel that bit
productive you know
then i always go into the bathroom and
brush my teeth first i sleep in
retainers so
this is a must first thing and just give
my hair a quick brush through i sleep
with that down
and in the night and then into skincare
i love this part of the morning like
it's a bit of self-care
i'm using this lumia like creamy
cleanser super gentle
and as i go to the gym i wash my face
twice in the morning so i just start
with an spf
this like tinted one and which i
normally like training obviously
and then i'll wash my face after the gym
as well
[Music]
and it's gym wear but make it cute i
like to put my joomla on first thing
rather than taking my pajamas just as i
find that i end up feeling a bit more
lethargic and lazy
if i like start having my morning coffee
and stuff like in my pjs
i've been really liking long socks as
well at the moment i just find them
super comfy and of course like make sure
your gym wear is
really comfy like these leggings are
like a second skin kind of feel just
getting dressed first thing
makes me feel instantly ready then it's
straight to the coffee machine
of course my day is not started without
this little ritual
and i always go for a black coffee
that's just personal preference and i
really like the ristretto i really
appreciate cute
teacups as well like this reminds me of
like beauty and the beast kind of vibe
and then i always force myself to drink
water before i touch my coffee so i just
fill up a glass
got to be done
then i'm just throwing on this massive
hoodie and i go and do my
10-minute meditation my gratitude and my
journaling
i do like doing this outside when i can
so i just take my notepads and coffee
and i've got my crystals out there as
well so this has just completely
transformed my whole
outlook on life my mindset it helps me
stay much more clear-headed and gives me
a lot of clarity and i just feel like i
have much more productive days
and i feel in a better headspace on a
whole so yeah only 10 minutes it can
sometimes feel like a chore to actually
do it but
i feel like i've made it more of a habit
recently and i've just noticed the
biggest difference in
everything that i do really like
throughout the rest of my day once i
have
done it i do meditate with crystals here
i'm using
a brown colored one which is tiger's eye
this helps you release like fear and
anxiety and aids
balance and then i'm using a gray one
pyrite which is like a protection stone
so
helps protect against forms like
negative vibrations
and i'm just doing my journaling like
gratitude
this really helps just set my intention
for the day so i just write what vibe i
want
for the day three specific gratefuls and
how to feel today and also how i want to
give today
i really like these prompts and and this
doesn't take long at all
but it's just nice to set yourself up
and i think if you're ever in sort of
like a negative headspace
this kind of work like doing this daily
helps so much
and just gets things moving forward and
then here i'll just do some like
rough journaling so just sort of write
down what i'm thinking feeling and
sometimes this is like more negative if
i'm but i just like to get it on paper
and it feels
just like a weight lifted in a way
sometimes
then it's time to train i love training
in the morning i mean mason we're trying
together
this is just dancing today was leg day
baby so yesterday i'm training fasted
and we're training legs
starting with some compounds here i'm
doing some deadlifts and then
we move on to some single leg hip
thrusts these
are really underrated and i really like
this you can really feel that muscle
to muscle to mind mind's muscle
connection and this year i'm really
going to focus on
my squat strength your girl is trying to
get stronger in that area
and but yeah i really like this leg
[Music]
session
then i'm just hiding away all my washing
and just cleaning things up i like to do
this after i've got my workout in rather
than first thing just so that i don't
end up like procrastinating
cleaning away because you can spend ages
doing that
[Music]
and then i'm having some breakfast i do
normally have my breakfast after i've
got a shower but today i was super
hungry after
my leg session and i would sometimes
have breakfast like pre-leg day as it is
anyway
and my phd vanilla cream protein
this stuff is glorious i'm mixing it all
together in my mouth with water and
watching this back and then no doubt i'm
going to add my chia seeds
all the toppings mason has these oats
plain and i've never understood that to
be honest
and adding a bit of banana and
some nuts i think in a second
just going to drip in the shower i
really hope you enjoyed this morning
routine this is exactly what i've been
doing for the past
few weeks and i absolutely love this it
suits me so much i don't
like to add too much to it otherwise
just starts to feel like a bit of a
chore whereas this
is quick effective and just helps me
have the best days
so yeah i hope you enjoy it do let me
know if you try any of these tips and
i'll see you in the next video
[Music]